Allow repeated and chained subcommands (#148)
ajalt/clikt: docs/commands.md

command run
```

## Chaining and Repeating Subcommands

Some command line interfaces allow you to call more than one subcommand at a time. For example, you
might do something like `gradle clean build publish` to run the `clean` task, then the `build` task,

> then the `publish` task, which are all subcommands of `gradle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
might do something like `make clean build publish` to run the `clean` task, then the `build` task,
then the `publish` task, which are all subcommands of `make`.
```
Gradle does not guarantee executing the given commands/tasks in the specified order. Since the multipleSubcommands features does execute subcommands in the given order, I'd propose to use some other example tool, e.g. `make`.

Author: Thank you for the review! We definitely want people to understand that subcommands are executed in order.

The [gradle docs say this](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/command_line_interface.html#executing_multiple_tasks):

> You can also specify multiple tasks. For example, the following will execute the test and deploy tasks in the order that they are listed on the command-line and will also execute the dependencies for each task. `$ gradle test deploy`

That is why I believe that gradle also executes task in the specified order. Am I misunderstanding something?

Reviewer: @ajalt in general you're right. What I've meant was, that in gradle you can define dependencies between commands/tasks. In turn this influences the execution order. 

E.g. in the clikt project whether you call `./gradlew --dry-run :clikt:assemble :clikt:classes` or `./gradlew --dry-run :clikt:classes :clikt:assemble` it will execute them in the same order.

That doesn't matter for tasks which are independent of each other, maybe that's insignificant for the documentation (here and at gradle docs).

Author: Ah, thank you for the clarification. That nuance definitely exists, but I doubt it will cause confusion for people reading this example. I expect most Clikt users have used gradle, but fewer of them have used make. So for this illustration, it seems slightly better to stick with the tool that more people will be familiar with.
